Welcome back to "War", I am Tom Scott.
I am David Bodycombe.
Today, professional game designer Hannah Nicklin
And mathematician Katie Steckles
To bring us a brilliant skill contest
This game is called "Tumble it, scorpion!"
The game is like this, you have four dice, then you have to pop them up
Let them fall onto the wooden steps below
It should be noted that there are different multipliers on the wood.
For example, if you pick up a 3 point
Just falls on the ladder with a multiplier of 4.
Then you will get 12 points
In the end, the winner is the winner, and the winner is the winner.
That's right
Ok. They are now guessing the box to decide who will attack first.
Katie: Ok, I am the first attack.
Steven: The atmosphere is super nervous (air tone)
You make the atmosphere more tense!
Feel the tension (air tone)
So multiply 4 points by 1, because the dice fall in the interval of multiplier 1.
Katie scored 4 points
Yes, simple arithmetic
I think the dice will turn like this instead of turning around, so...
You are using physics!
You can put the dice on the platform at the beginning in the way you like.
Do you want to be so precise!
This is basically impossible...
Yes, you have no way to predict
Wow!
Steven: Three times exciting, Emma: My God.
I seem to feel a faint sarcasm coming from the sofa area, just a little bit
Katie: You make me nervous! Hannah: Very nervous.
Ah, that’s a mistake.
I think you use a 4 point to get a 4 point, at least you have not lost points.
Positive thinking
I don't think so
I don't think so, so...
You can also try to change the number of dice on your table by impact.
So you can also hit the opponent?
That's right, of course no problem.
Oh!
Oh my gosh!
So how do you ask me to think positively!
Obviously my game is playing very well! I mean, wait and see the situation.
It’s not easy to do that.
Safety card
Ok, I accept at least a bit, not zero.
We also practiced when we rehearsed, but it was really...
But the scorpion will pass through the "door" every time.
Yes, what Katie did is almost the same as my rehearsal.
Just kidding! Ah, although only 1 is
I just wanted to interfere with the scorpion on your desk...
I want to say that Hannah is not a video game designer.
It is a physical game in reality. So as far as I know,
Dice and game board for her...
Still, this is still an amazing technology.
Actually, I am not left-handed, so...
Can she target Katie's nephew and knock them out?
Yes... but it also bears the risk of smashing the scorpion into the high zone.
If it is me, I will play a little more conservative.
According to my performance, that does not mean the last points
The last round of this round
Katie: Ok, Hannah: The last one is more conservative.
Ok, get ready to start the second round.
It doesn't matter, one of the two games.
Reopened the game, it is currently Hannah 1 to 0 lead, the other side first
Novice! Don't worry, I also won the first game.
Have been knocked after
Oh, she is going to put all the points six up.
No, I am going to the five, and if it goes well, it will stop at six.
Incredible strategy
Oh, hell! real or fake? !
Ok, basically, if you want to play this game, do it.
Tom: Just do it right! David: Very simple (just blame)
How can this be? !
This score has to be chased, everyone.
I have to knock it out, yes, this is what I have to do.
That is... anyway, nothing is blocking you.
This is the only strategy I am thinking of now.
Ah, I still want to say that I want to knock you out!
I think I seem to be falling down the stone now.
Then I even fell into it myself.
Does she have it?
She already has 24 points, so it should be okay at the moment.
Hannah: It doesn't matter, Emma: I almost succeeded.
This is interesting
is not that right
Because if I can pick up some 3 then
I am so nervous.
Ok, that's 6 points.
Dramatic scene, right! Then what should I do with this dice?
If I win with only one scorpion, it will be too fierce.
You 24 points, I am 9 points, so I need at least...
24 - 9 = 15 So I need to say...
If she can get 5 on the multiplier 3, it will lead to at least a tie in this game.
I decided, just do it!
There are too many differences
Don't worry about winning! Playing another game, I’m burning up my fighting spirit.
This is a good game
Hannah will enter the semi-final against Steven Bridges
Of course, before this was Katie's knockout of the Emma Blackery.
So what game do they want to play?
Is a digital strategy game, Black Hole
Ok, then let’s see you in the next issue!
Translation: Andy Lin